Adding more async examples (with AMPHP) (#1349)
webonyx/graphql-php: examples/04-async-php/amphp/event-loop/README.md

## Event loop with AMPHP

> While you can create an own http-server with PHP GraphQL & AMPHP (see "http-server" example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can create your own http-server with PHP GraphQL & AMPHP (see "http-server" example),
```

> this example aims to give you an event-loop on traditional request model (apache, fpm, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this example aims to give you an event-loop combined with the traditional request model (apache, fpm, ...).
```
